>> Coming soon two Events Plus.
>> When it came time to start
exploring consciousness,
that's to me where the
world really lit up.
>> This week on Gaia,
new documentary.
>> Psychedelics are for me
easily the best tool that
exists to study both
the mind and the brain
>> On Divine Science.
>> Imagine if every whisper
of the mind had the potential
to alter the fabric
of reality itself.
What profound secrets might we
unlock about our inner power?
>> On Superpower.
>> How much time in our day
do we spend actually exploring
what's within?
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> So if you encounter a
spirit, ask them who they are,
what their name
is, what they need,
and try to have a conversation,
and try to keep it peaceful.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> You're going to
have happier people,
which means elevated
consciousness,
which means humanity
gets to elevate.
And who knows, maybe we may
get invited to actually join
these star systems.
>> Only on Gaia.